so now now for the fun part
harry are you willing to do a little
freestyle rap for our audience
of course let's do it awesome so can i
throw just a couple random words at you
if that's all right
yeah let's do it okay and these are i
just want
caveat for the audience i mean there was
no discussing this beforehand anything
along those lines
okay so the first word i just have to
put it in there is re max
so yes i hope you're hoping you can
incorporate that yep let's do
living room living room and pre-approved
buyer pre-approved buyer i love it all
right so remax
living room and pre-approved buyer right
you got it
okay let's do this i'm gonna drop a beat
can you hear my beat yeah yeah we're
good okay
hey okay come on listen
let's go harry mack all the way off top
freestyle
like we always do check it out come on
hey check it out
uh uh when i rap you know i make you
feel away i be
dealing lyrics like real estate and
there ain't another rapper who can
handle these facts stealing real estate
like i'm tapping with remax
we right here just to make it happen
plugged into the track and i'm steadily
rapping
it goes down i'll be spitting for you
got you relaxed like you chilling in
your living room come on for me to do
these rhymes it's mad easy relaxed in
the living room watching shows on tv
and when i kick my rhymes they gon get
this yeah y'all can chill while you
watching some netflix all up on the
television i'ma spit with vision i make
the people listen when i stay up on my
mission
and all these other rappers be down and
out but i'm relaxed up in the living
room all on my couch that i'm just
chilling y'all know they make crazy
noise i got them all laying back like a
lazy boy come on
i put it down and you shoulda known you
in your living room listening to me in
your home
yeah hey yo you know i spit the lyrics
that's raw fast and you know i'ma do it
off top on the podcast we had to come
together y'all know i spit the fire i'm
dealing lyrics to all the pre-approved
buyers
so come through y'all can get this hey
yo i'm dropping more bars for y'all to
witness
come on hey yo you know that my float is
liquid water pre-approved buyers please
make me an offer
you got the approval you know i move
souls with all the rhymes i'm kicking my
flow is very sickening i'm doing this
off top when i'm spitting my bars when
it comes to lyricism yes i'm going too
hard
come on i'm moving like real estate i
got all my people feeling great uh
moving the houses you know that i got
bouncing we tapping in and he threw me
three random words now
i'm kicking the bars that they're fully
absurd yeah hey yo they talk about it
but i came to live it in times of cover
19 we all have to pivot
yeah so now i'm on omegle with the mad
rhymes speaking of pivoting this won't
be the last time
society will continue to change and
evolve in new ways that we might find
strange we got to open up our minds even
though i was reluctant
the past can't be the time that we stuck
in so we gon keep it moving ain't no way
to actors they figured that they came in
birth but they came through practice the
only way i'm here right now is through
the time i've invested many years in the
freestyle rhymes and as i said
if we were to rewind way back and listen
to my very first freestyle raps we would
have said mac
is whack there's no way he'll make it
but now through practice they consider
my rhymes sacred
yeah and you know that my lyrics always
been this true i just ran y'all in
reverse through the interview it's harry
mack for the girls and boys so while
you're home listening please make some
noise let's go